FlipViewExtensions implementation (#373)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/helpers/FlipView-extensions.md

# SelectorExtensions Attached Properties

Provides additional features for `FlipView`.

## Properties
Property|Type|Description
-|-|-

> Next|FlipView| Sets the `FlipView` that will controled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next|FlipView| Sets the `FlipView` to will be controlled.
```
